readme update pytom-match-pick (#132)
SBC-Utrecht/pytom-match-pick: README.md

![test-badge](https://github.com/SBC-Utrecht/pytom-match-pick/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
# GPU template matching for cryo-ET

> GPU template matching, originally developed in [PyTom](https://github.com/SBC-Utrecht/PyTom), as a standalone pip plugin that can be run from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPU template matching, originally developed in [PyTom](https://github.com/SBC-Utrecht/PyTom), as a standalone python package that can be run from the command line.
```
